Audits Bridges (#1204)
maticnetwork/matic-docs: docs/develop/ethereum-polygon/pos/using-sdk/eth.md

This guide uses the Polygon Testnet (Mumbai) which in itself is mapped to the Goerli Network to demonstrate asset transfer between the two blockchains. It's important to note that for the purposes of this tutorial, you should use a proxy address whenever is possible. This is because while the implementation contract address is liable to change when a new update is added to the contract code, the proxy never changes and it redirects all the incoming calls to the latest implementation. In essence, if you use the proxy address, you won't need to worry about any changes happening on the implementation contract before you're ready.

> For example, please use the **RootChainManagerProxy** address for interactions instead of the **RootChainManager** address. Deployment details like the PoS contract addresses, ABI, Test Token Addresses can be found [here](https://docs.polygon.technology/docs/develop/ethereum-polygon/pos/deployment/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, please use the `RootChainManagerProxy` address for interactions instead of the `RootChainManager` address. Deployment details like the PoS contract addresses, ABI, and Test Token Addresses can be found [here](/docs/develop/ethereum-polygon/pos/deployment/).
```

const txReceipt = await result.getReceipt();
```

:::note

> Deposits from Ethereum to Polygon happen using the **State Sync** Mechanism and this takes about 22-30 minutes. After waiting for this time interval, it is recommended to check the balance using web3.js/matic.js library or using Metamask. The explorer will show the balance only if at least one asset transfer has happened on the child chain. This [<ins>link</ins>](https://docs.polygon.technology/docs/develop/ethereum-polygon/pos/deposit-withdraw-event-pos/) explains how to track the deposit events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deposits from Ethereum to Polygon happen using the **State Sync** Mechanism and this takes about 22-30 minutes. After waiting for this time interval, it is recommended to check the balance using the web3.js/matic.js library or using Metamask. The explorer will show the balance only if at least one asset transfer has happened on the child chain. This [<ins>link</ins>](/docs/develop/ethereum-polygon/pos/deposit-withdraw-event-pos/) explains how to track deposit events.
```

:::

### Burn

> **_ETH_** is deposited as an **_ERC20_** token on Polygon chain. For withdrawing it follow the same process as withdrawing ERC20 tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ETH is deposited as an ERC20 token on the Polygon chain. Withdrawing follows the same process as withdrawing ERC20 tokens.
```

### Exit

> Once the **checkpoint** has been submitted for the block containing the burn transaction, the user should call the **exit** function of `RootChainManager` contract and submit the proof of burn. Upon submitting valid proof tokens are transferred to the user. Polygon POS client `erc20` exposes `withdrawExit` method to make this call. This function can be called only after the checkpoint is included in the main chain. The checkpoint inclusion can be tracked by following this [guide](/docs/develop/ethereum-polygon/pos/deposit-withdraw-event-pos#checkpoint-events).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the **checkpoint** has been submitted for the block containing the burn transaction, the user should call the **exit** function of `RootChainManager` contract and submit the proof of burn. Upon submitting valid proof tokens are transferred to the user. Polygon POS client `erc20` exposes `withdrawExit` method to make this call. This function can be called only after the checkpoint is included in the main chain. The checkpoint inclusion can be tracked by following this [guide](/docs/develop/ethereum-polygon/pos/deposit-withdraw-event-pos.md#checkpoint-events).
```
